the winner of the challenge match in
this competition will receive a massive
1,000 points everyone all together now
ray-ray
look at that Eagles defense is solid
Pegasus is knocked back
now what pegasus has begun to circle
around eagle is it trying to get a
closer look a hard fusion wheel and a
really thick performance tip ego
combines stamina and defense it's strong
all right I can't win in a drawn-out
battle I've got to strike right away
while Pegasus still has it strength
Pegasus unleashes a series of aggressive
attacks it looks hurt Pegasus is
pressing its high-speed attack this is
trouble for Eagles trouble for Eagle no
no this is a chance
that's it eagle
Pegasus is set flying in the blink of an
eye two bosses turn trouble into
opportunity what's this being in trouble
is really a chance to prove oneself
Junior what should I do
there must be away our journey sure was
fun hi Ginga journey ah I understand I
have to calm down and concentrate
Eagle can't match Pegasus speed that's
for sure it's solid defenses make it too
heavy I got it
Eagle has been left behind Pegasus is
moving almost too quickly to see
can't match our speed so now it's our
turn
so the beyblade tables have turned
Pegasus closes it on Eagle Pegasus is on
eagle's tail
egle swiftly dodges like an eagle
what's doing on Pegasus a speech Britt
is done Eagle has begun the circle like
an eagle targeting its prey eagle
it's Eagles head alone
Pegasus is having a hard time out there
and go here what angle he'll come from
so there's no way for me to defend what
am I gonna do Eagles writing attack
Pegasus is in trouble trouble is jenga's
string of consecutive victories going to
end here how can it have such explosive
power why doesn't its weight make it
slower
I still can't figure out where he'll
attack from if I could only read the
timing of the strike
that
sound that's it maybe I can feel it if I
use all of my senses so the wind feel it
but what's this
Ginga is frozen up will he be defeated
without even putting up a fight
sharpen all my senses it's stopped
Pegasus stop eagle how did he know that
attack was coming
watch out eagle
Hegel has taken some damage Pegasus has
turned it around both legs are getting
tired this meat is dropping alien folks
I've got you now
is that so Ginga
gasps Eagle metal wing slash
pinnacle strikes with its legs of stale
is it Oh Eagle has a longer than normal
spin track which means its greatest
smash attacks from above Ginga so how
will you get out of this one this
trouble trouble huh right I'm not in
trouble
come the winner Pegasus Jacob how well
done it was thanks to you Tsubasa
Oh tomorrow
he was giving advice to me and Pegasus
hmm
this was no win Tsubasa didn't fight as
hard as he could have he was just
testing Pegasus and my power but why
would he do that
no one
jiangha received 1000 votes
congratulations